update docs to use security policy (#3557)
Pylons/pyramid: docs/quick_tutorial/authorization.rst

- This ACL says that the ``edit`` permission is available on ``Root``  to the
  ``group:editors`` *principal*.

> - The ``SecurityPolicy.effective_principals`` method answers whether a particular user (``editor``) has a particular group (``group:editors``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``SecurityPolicy.effective_principals`` method answers whether a particular user (``editor``) belongs to a particular group (``group:editors``).
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, "is a member of".

> - The ``SecurityPolicy.effective_principals`` method answers whether a particular user (``editor``) is a member of a particular group (``group:editors``).

Reviewer 2: Would it be bad to inline the code from `effective_principals` inside the `permits` method?
It is not an interface method anymore, just an internal helper for this specific security policy (similar to `load_identity` with RequestLocalCache); I feel that not having a function named `effective_principals` here would help avoiding confusion now that the whole concept is deprecated (at a framework level anyway, a project could still use it).

Author: I thought about this but I think I'd prefer to leave it as is as the code is cleaner and it's only an issue for someone like you who already knows how Pyramid's system works. Also I don't want to stop people from capturing a ref to the policy somewhere and invoking other methods on it like this one if they need to.

Author: The only change I'd consider here is pushing the principals into the authenticated_identity and pulling them out of there. This would require constructing a custom identity object instead of using the `User`. For example something like a dict with `user` and `effective_principals` keys. At least then `request.user` wouldn't just be an alias for the identity if I did that.

I'm still leaning toward keeping it the way it is though.

Reviewer 2: Using dicts or a named tuple for users / identity objects make sense to me!

Author: Sorry I thought about it again and am gonna leave it as is.
